Docs: add banner new Python CDK Contributions (#30144)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/connector-development/cdk-python/README.md

# Connector Development Kit

> :::warning

Reviewer: can you make it an info rather than warning? Warning is a bit agressive

> :::warning
> The project is not accepting new connector contributions using the Python CDK; instead, 
> we are only accepting contributions using Low-Code or Connector Builder. 
> This decision is aimed at improving maintenance and providing a larger connector catalog with higher quality.
> 
> The Python CDK offers all the tools and flexibility needed to build any type of connector, 
> but for the scale of the current Airbyte catalog, this flexibility sometimes results in 
> complexity and a lack of testing. For this reason, connectors built using Low-Code or 
> Connector Builder will help us achieve our goal.
> 
> You can continue to use the Python CDK to build connectors to help your company or projects.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
Over the next few months, the project will only accept connector contributions that are made using the [Low-Code CDK](https://docs.airbyte.com/connector-development/config-based/low-code-cdk-overview) or the [Connector Builder](https://docs.airbyte.com/connector-development/connector-builder-ui/overview).

Contributions made with the Python CDK will be closed, but we will inquire to understand why it wasn't done with Low-Code/Connector Builder so we can address missing features.

This decision is aimed at improving maintenance and providing a larger catalog with high-quality connectors.

You can continue to use the Python CDK to build connectors to help your company or projects.
:::
```
